Add information about `-Didea.kotlin.plugin.use.k2` VM Option to K1 -> K2 guide (#2)
Kotlin/analysis-api: Writerside/topics/Migrating-from-K1.md

of plugins which are known to be compatible with the K2 mode as they do not use Kotlin analysis. The authors of these
plugins should not be surprised if their plugin already works in the K2 mode. However, it's still advised to declare K2
support explicitly.

## Testing K2 Plugin Locally

To test the K2 plugin locally, the `-Didea.kotlin.plugin.use.k2=true` VM option should be passed to the running IntelliJ IDEA instance.

> For running the K2 plugin in a debug IntelliJ IDEA instance when using [The IntelliJ Platform Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-gradle-plugin) for building:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using [IntelliJ Platform Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-gradle-plugin), you can modify `build.gradle.kts` file to enable K2 Mode in different tasks.

Here is how to enable K2 Mode in debug IntelliJ IDEA instance:
```
